README.md, before:

# emacs-module-wrapper-template
This project is motivated by recently writing an Emacs module.  When you define a function in C/C++ that is callable from elisp, there is some boilerplate and manual transformation of function properties when registering the function with Emacs, as well as unpacking parameters.  For a good discussion of writing Emacs modules, see http://diobla.info/blog-archive/modules-tut.html#sec-2-2.  The point of this library is to use template metaprogramming to turn something like this:

```

emacs_value some_C_work_useful_for_Emacs(int a, const string& s, void* data) {

}

emacs_value elisp_callable(emacs_env* env, ptrdiff_t nargs, emacs_value* args, void* data) {
  // Assert nargs contains 1 or 2
  // unpack an int from args with error handling
  // check if nargs == 1 or 2, and unpack a string if it is 2 with error handling
  return some_C_work_useful_for_Emacs(i, s, data);
}

int emacs_module_init(struct emacs_runtime *runtime) noexcept {
    emacs_env* env = runtime->get_environment(runtime);
    emacs_value func = env->make_function(env,
  					  1,  // Minimum parameter count
  					  2,  // Maximum parameter count
  					  elisp_callable, 
  					  "Callable function from emacs",
  					  nullptr);  // User data passed to your function
    emacs_value symbol = env->intern(env, "lisp-function-name");
    emacs_value args[] = { symbol, func };
    emacs_value defalias = env->intern(env, "defalias");
    env->funcall(env, defalias, 2, args);
}
```

into something like this:

```
emacs_value lisp_callable(emacs_env* env, const string s, std::optional<int> i) {
  cout << s << endl;
  cout << i.value() << endl;
  return env->intern(env, "nil");
}

EmacsCallable<lisp_callable> c;
int emacs_module_init(struct emacs_runtime *runtime) noexcept {
  c.defineInEmacs(runtime, "emwt-lisp-callable", "Test function", nullptr,
  		  elispCallableFunction<&c>);
  return 0;
}
```

`elispCallableFunction` takes a functor address as a non-type template parameter, and when it is invoked, it invokes the functor.  The functor is generated by the function you provide, and it will unpack arguments and call your function.

Commit message:

Misc changes and a bit of performance analysis

README.md, after:

# emacs-module-wrapper-template
This project is motivated by recently writing an Emacs module.  When you define a function in C/C++ that is callable from elisp, there is some boilerplate and manual transformation of function properties when registering the function with Emacs, as well as unpacking parameters.  For a good discussion of writing Emacs modules, see http://diobla.info/blog-archive/modules-tut.html#sec-2-2.  The point of this library is to use template metaprogramming to turn something like this:

```

emacs_value some_C_work_useful_for_Emacs(int a, const string& s, void* data) {

}

emacs_value elisp_callable(emacs_env* env, ptrdiff_t nargs, emacs_value* args, void* data) {
  // Assert nargs contains 1 or 2
  // unpack an int from args with error handling
  // check if nargs == 1 or 2, and unpack a string if it is 2 with error handling
  return some_C_work_useful_for_Emacs(i, s, data);
}

int emacs_module_init(struct emacs_runtime *runtime) noexcept {
    emacs_env* env = runtime->get_environment(runtime);
    emacs_value func = env->make_function(env,
  					  1,  // Minimum parameter count
  					  2,  // Maximum parameter count
  					  elisp_callable,
  					  "Callable function from emacs",
  					  nullptr);  // User data passed to your function
    emacs_value symbol = env->intern(env, "lisp-function-name");
    emacs_value args[] = { symbol, func };
    emacs_value defalias = env->intern(env, "defalias");
    env->funcall(env, defalias, 2, args);
}
```

into something like this:

```
emacs_value lisp_callable(emacs_env* env, const string s, std::optional<int> i) {
  cout << s << endl;
  cout << i.value() << endl;
  return env->intern(env, "nil");
}

EmacsCallable<lisp_callable> c;
int emacs_module_init(struct emacs_runtime *runtime) noexcept {
  c.defineInEmacs(runtime, "emwt-lisp-callable", "Test function", nullptr,
  		  elispCallableFunction<&c>);
  return 0;
}
```

`elispCallableFunction` takes a functor address as a non-type template parameter, and when it is invoked, it invokes the functor.  The functor is generated by the function you provide, and it will unpack arguments and call your function.

## Perf counter analysis

This chart shows a run in Instruments, collecting "Cycles with outstanding L1 misses", "DTLB misses that incur a page walk", and "Total Cycles".  I used the Signposts API to limit to time spent in user-function invocation (i.e. the wrapper function that calls the user function provided by the module).  There is a flaw (or, at least one) in how I collected the numbers, which is that I do not know how to limit perf counter metrics to just time spent between signposts.  I think it requires a custom instrument or more advanced collection.  Therefore, I had to analyze perf counter data from the first sign post to the last one, which includes time the process is context switched out.

![PerfCounters](PerfCounterChart.png)

Instruments screen shot

![InstrumentsScreenshot](InstrumentsScreenShot.png)
